Volatile variables (#5721)
Codecademy/docs: content/cpp/concepts/variables/terms/volatile-variables/volatile-variables.md

The worker thread will keep running until the isRunning variable is set to false.

```cpp
#include <iostream>
#include <thread>
#include <chrono>

class VolatileExample {
private:
    // 'volatile' tells the compiler not to optimize this variable, ensuring that each iteration of the following loop fetches the latest value.
    volatile bool isRunning = true;

public:
    void runTask() {
        while (isRunning) {
            std::cout << "Task is running..." << std::endl;
            std::this_thread::sleep_for(std::chrono::seconds(1));
        }
        std::cout << "Task has stopped." << std::endl;
    }

    void stopTask() {
        isRunning = false; // Changing 'isRunning' to false to stop the task.
    }
};

int main() {
    VolatileExample example;
    std::thread workerThread(&VolatileExample::runTask, &example);

    // Lets the task run for a while before stopping it.
    std::this_thread::sleep_for(std::chrono::seconds(5));
    example.stopTask(); // Stop the task

    workerThread.join(); // Waits for the thread to finish.
    return 0;
}
```

## Codebyte Example

> Here `volatile` prevents the compiler from optimizing away reads or writes to the active variable, this ensures continuous checks of the most up-to-date value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here the `volatile` keyword prevents the compiler from optimizing away reads or writes to the active variable and ensures fetching the most up-to-date value from memory. However, it does not guarantee thread-safe synchronization.
```
Changed the sentence for clear understanding and grammatical accuracy.

> ```cpp
> #include <iostream>
> #include <thread>
> #include <chrono>
> 
> class VolatileCodeByteExample {
> private:
>     volatile bool active = true;
> 
> public:
>     void execute() {
>         // The loop continues as long as 'active' is true.
>         while (active) {
>             // Simulating processing.
>         }
>         std::cout << "Loop terminated due to 'active' being false." << std::endl;
>     }
> };
> 
> int main() {
>     VolatileCodeByteExample example;
>     std::thread demoThread(&VolatileCodeByteExample::execute, &example);
> 
>     // Changes 'active' to false after a short delay to stop the loop.
>     std::this_thread::sleep_for(std::chrono::seconds(2));
>     example.active = false; // Update the value of 'active'
> 
>     demoThread.join(); // Waits for the thread to finish.
>     return 0;
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```cpp
#include <iostream>
#include <thread>
#include <chrono>

class VolatileCodeByteExample {
private:
    volatile bool active = true;

public:
    void execute() {
        // The loop continues as long as 'active' is true.
        while (active) {
            // Simulating processing.
        }
        std::cout << "Loop terminated due to 'active' being false." << std::endl;
    }
};

int main() {
    VolatileCodeByteExample example;
    std::thread demoThread(&VolatileCodeByteExample::execute, &example);

    // Changes 'active' to false after a short delay to stop the loop.
    std::this_thread::sleep_for(std::chrono::seconds(2));
    example.active = false; // Update the value of 'active'

    demoThread.join(); // Waits for the thread to finish.
    return 0;
}
```
```
For cpp the correct code block will be ```codebyte/cpp``` not only ```cpp```. Please change it for this example.
Also, please correct the code, as here their is concurrent access to the active variable without synchronization. Using `std::atomic`resolves the problem by ensuring atomic operations and proper memory synchronization.
